A few harmless flakes working together can unleash an avalanche of destruction.
Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99% perspiration, which is why engineers sometimes smell really bad.
When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much fucked no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteor.
Just because you're necessary doesn't mean you're important.
It could be that your purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others.
Dreams are like rainbows. Only idiots chase them.
In the battle between you and the world, bet on the world.
when desperation has disposable income, market opportunities abound.
Never look back. Somethin' might be gainin' on you.
There's a lot of bastards out there.
Trying is the first step toward failure.
If something's hard to do, then it's not worth doing.
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us from the animals! Except the weasel.
There are no stupid questions, but there are alot of inquisitive idiots.
For every winner, there are dozens of losers.  Odds are you're one of them.
If a pretty poster and a cute saying are all it takes to motivate you, you probably have a very easy job. The kind robots will be doing soon.
It takes 43 muscles to frown and 16 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
Until you spread you wings, you'll have no idea how far you can walk.
Hard work often pays off after time, but laziness always pays off now.
If you can't learn to do something well, learn to enjoy doing it poorly.
You're not being payed to believe in the power of your dreams.
Sometimes the best solution is just to fire all the unhappy people.
If you're not part of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
The only consistent feature of all your dissatisfying relationships is you.
None of us is as dumb as all of us.
It could be that the purpose of your life is only to serve as a warning to others.
That which does not kill me postpones the inevitable.
No matter how great and destructive your problems may seem now, remember, you've probably only seen the tip of them.
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
The best leaders inspire by example. When that's not an option, brute intimidation works pretty well, too.
It's lonely at the top. But it's comforting to look down upon everyone at the bottom.
Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. But it rocks absolutely, too.
The downside of being better than everyone else is that people tend to assume you're pretentious.
The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
Your role may be thankless, but if you're willing to give it your all, you just might bring success to those who outlast you.
No single raindrop believes it is to blame for the flood.
Attitudes are contagious. Mine might kill you.
Some people dream of success, while other people live to crush those dreams.
The journey of a thousand miles sometimes ends very, very badly.
You can do anything you set your mind to when you have the vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendible labor.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
The worst day of your life so far.
You are a background character in a much more interesting person's story.
I’ve developed a new philosophy. I only dread one day at a time.
Embrace your dreams - they're the only way to tell sleep from death.
We're all going to die, and aside from the extremely rare chance that you'll do anything notable enough in your life, you will inevitably be forgotten, as life, the world, the universe, and everything is just a series of processes.
Life sucks but at least you die at the end.
The early worm gets eaten.
The squeaky wheel gets replaced.
Eagles may soar, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered first.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
Just remember, you're unique. Just like everybody else.
Success is just failure that hasn't happened yet.
Not everyone can be an astronaut.
Nihilism just means I have nothing to lose.
Whatever you want to do, someone, somewhere, has already done it better
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with...and your friends are dumbasses.
When you do bad, no one will forget; When you do good, no one will remember.
There's always someone on Youtube that can do it better than you.
It doesn't matter how hard you work, how successful you become, how many people love you. You'll probably get hit by a car or some lame shit like that.
Sometimes the only choices left are bad ones.
You shouldn't care whether the glass is half full or half empty; you're going to have the same amount of water in it.
Don't do today something you can put off until tomorrow.
Life is disappointing and death inescapable.
Happiness is just sadness that hasn't happened yet.
In the grand scheme of the universe, your actions are worth jack shit.
You're no one's first choice.
It's never too late to give up!
No one who matters cares; no one who cares matters.
When you wish upon a star, you're actually a few million light years too late. That star is dead. Just like your dreams.
The light at the end of the tunnel is probably just the train.
I've got news for you pal, you ain't leadin' but two things, right now: Jack and shit... and Jack left town.
